CSI workshop (#58)
hpe-storage/scod: docs/learn/csi_workshop/index.md

![HPE DEV Hack Shack](img/hack-shack.png)

# Welcome to the Hack Shack!

> The recorded CSI workshop available in the [Video Gallery](../../learn/video_gallery/index.html#hpe_dev_hack_shack_workshop_using_the_container_storage_interface) is now available on-demand, self-paced and interactive hosted by the HPE DEV community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recorded CSI workshop available in the [Video Gallery](../../learn/video_gallery/index.html#hpe_dev_hack_shack_workshop_using_the_container_storage_interface) is now available on-demand, as a self-paced and interactive workshop hosted by the HPE DEV community.
```

All you have to do is [register here](https://hackshack.hpedev.io/workshops).

> A string of e-mails will setup your own sandbox to perform the exercises at your own pace. The environment will be time bombed but you'll have plenty of time to complete the workshop. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string of e-mails will setup your own sandbox to perform the exercises at your own pace. The environment will have a time restriction before resetting but you should have plenty of time to complete the workshop exercises. 
```

> During the workshop, you'll discover the basics of the Container Storage Interface (CSI) on Kubernetes. This is at-a-glance what is being covered:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the workshop, you'll discover the basics of the Container Storage Interface (CSI) on Kubernetes. Here is a glance at what is being covered:
```

- Discover `StorageClasses`
- Create and assign a `PersistentVolumeClaim` to a workload
- Resize a `PersistentVolumeClaim`
- Expose a raw block device to a `Pod`
- Create a `VolumeSnapshot` from a `VolumeSnapshotClass`
- Clone `PersistentVolumeClaims` from an existing claim or a `VolumeSnapshot`
- Declare an ephemeral inline volume for a `Pod`
- Annotate `PersistentVolumeClaims` to leverage `StorageClass` overrides

> - Transparently provision a NFS server with the HPE CSI Driver and using `ReadWriteMany` access mode 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transparently provision an NFS server with the HPE CSI Driver and using the `ReadWriteMany` access mode 
```
